Say
Father, our deputy family decided to marry the Song family
Song family daughter
Song Qianjin is a good girl
I have already settled your marriage for you
You must go home tonight
Our rich family is not down to the point where we need to rely on business marriages to maintain the status quo
What's more, it was my marriage
It's not your turn to call the shots
I'm your dad
It's only natural to call the shots for you
I don't want Sunan to die
Just be honest with me
You dare to touch him
What do I want to do?
It's not up to you.
revival
I have something to do at my sister's company. I'll go back.
Please wait for me at home.
Qingqing, uncle watched you grow up
You are the best candidate for the rich family
Wait for you to marry
We are family
Uncle can marry revival is my blessing
We will honor you together in the future.
lucky star
Long time no see.
Brat, you know how to come back
Hurry up and say hello to Uncle Song
I came back today for one thing